well I highly their internet people its
bogan so I woke up this morning the news
about Greta
but those unfamiliar that's the teenager
who is currently leading the charge
against climate change I woke up to the
news that conservative and Republican
pundits and commentators are surprised
by the by the backlash that they
received for cyberbullying a teenager
I mean who saw that come I hate to be
honest I didn't I didn't know that we
were holding them to any standards of
decency whatsoever anymore I just
thought we'd given up on that I just
want to point out that objectively the
bullying a teenager like this is it's
not the worst thing they've done no not
by a long shot
I'm actually just happy they haven't
advocated invading Sweden to protect our
freedoms or advocated hitting her with a
drone on behalf of the Saudis and I'm
actually cool with with where it's at
right now they're just picking on her on
Twitter and on their national platforms
so I made the mistake of first thing in
the morning scrolling Twitter and
reading some of these comments she's
unhinged they say the the people
cyberbullying a teenager because she
spoke
she's unhinged she's not down are we not
allowed to discuss her now that she's in
the public domain I'm pretty sure that
term doesn't mean what you think it
means but it would make more sense to
discuss the ideas talk about ways to
mitigate climate change or I mean God
forbid discuss the science behind it
rather than attacking her looks and
making fun of her hair to be honest that
reads really creepy just just throwing
that out there
she's indoctrinated say the people who
honestly believe those in the Middle
East hate us for our freedoms you can't
make this stuff up I'm worried about her
because she is suffering emotional child
abuse says somebody who has spent the
last three years defending families
being ripped apart and children being
thrown in cages and being emotionally
psychologically and physically abused
yeah I'm not buying that you actually
care it just seems like a way to pick on
her because you can't sell her ideas
she's hysterical
says the person using their national
platform to attack a teenager on a
personal level rather than discussing
the ideas because you can't you can't
discuss the ideas she's better than you
so you tried to attack her character her
emotional state
all right maybe she's hysterical she's
trying to save the world what's your
Excuse she's a fear monger say the
people who have spent the last three
years trying to convince Americans to
cower and hide behind the wall because
there are people with tans and accents
coming
Greta you're judged in your in this life
by your enemies more than your friends
you're doing just fine anyway it's just
a thought you'll have a good day